1)How might you compare two characters without reference to case? 
How might you do this without destroying the character variable(s) contents?

    The easiest way to compare two characters without reference to case is by 
    temporarily converting both characters to either upper case or lower case (
    I prefer lower case). To make sure i dont destroy the character variable
    contents I can set this toLower equal to a temporary variable, in turn not
    affecting the original contents.

2)How can you compare two strings in a case-insensitive way without destroying their contents?

    I can compare two strings in a case insensitive way by examining each
    string one character at a time and temporarily converting each character to
    lower case for comparison in turn not affecting the original strings.

3)What kind of arguments should your string comparison function take? 
Are you going to pass these arguments by value or by reference?

    The function should take both the strings as arguements because I have to
    compare the two strings. I am going to pass these arguments by reference
    using pointers so that unneccessary copies arent made and the original
    strings arent modified.

4)Why do you think the return value of strcmp is “greater than zero”, 
“less than zero”, and “equal to zero” rather than -1, 0, 1 specifically?

    I think it does this because the exact value isnt important as z and b are
    both greater than a in character value but z has a much greater value than
    b. So instead of returning the specific value which doesnt accomplish the
    task of strcmp, it just returns if the value is negative, positive, or zero.

5)What cases might you need to consider to test your function thoroughly? How
many times should you have to run the driver to do this testing?

    I should test strings that are exactly equal, strings that differ by
    capitalized characters, strings that are alphabetically before or after one
    another, empty strings, and strings that are different near the end. The
    driver however only needs to run once because we can add all these tests in
    one driver function.
